what's up y'all this is episode three of
your favorite show ever in life never
called yo d trix welcome back y'all we
does our third week in a row right JJ mo
Keck hell yeah three weeks in a row
strong and this week our topic is
relationships drill first question what
is joseline Lee no teachers what's the
worst question can ask a guy while
you're in a relationship why is it so
small your heart that is get your mind
out of the gutters you nasties erielle
white yo d-trix what do I do with a guy
like as a girl I know he likes you
better have a big dick no but what's the
question first of all the guy you like
has a girlfriend and he's into you do
not date him sleep with him just don't
date him because if he's cheating on his
girl he'll probably do the same thing to
you okay next question
Francesca Marimo go to Madonna y'all
Beatrice what's the best thing that you
love about Waring oh my gosh I just
thought of her feet but those are the
last things I like about her
I love Laurens heart that sounds really
corny no gay little happy you know I got
Dietrich like some guys never Whore just
everybody from the south I mean
realistically I love Warren's heart she
is just like she just has a really short
heart and she's boys she's that type
person that would never be disloyal to
me
Fields ah XV you know features the girl
tell avoid like supportive or should he
know we are in a day and age where it
doesn't matter what sex you are because
there's so many different types of sexes
out there now there's girls there's guys
there's guy girls there's girls with
dick peepees what is the question it
doesn't matter
boy or girl girl boy if you're not
feeling just say just don't tell them
too much just letting up like listen I
like you I fucking do easy maurico zero
one zero
you'll get your
how was it handled over like a boyfriend
/ uh cheat arm and never tell him but
what is it if he's overly protecting a
good thing but if it's like too much
like stop standing in the way of
everything in life and you probably got
tell him to back down or just break up
with him or if he's like overly jealous
he need to get rid of him right away
listen to me he's probably doing those
things that he's getting jealous about
so do the math s FS words no d-trix when
do you move into a first kiss go
straight to the point
lust is in right now fellas lust is in
kissing's not a big deal I feel like
anymore everybody's like oh the first
kiss kissing is like the modern-day
handshake just do it whenever it's not a
bad thing let's they have like herpes ya
wanna Johnson no teachers who any day me
and these when you're right oh my god I
would date Brian Eastwood Brian and in
please have a baby cuz I will beat those
up here - Brian inner brian inner Brian
dang it Brian's Filipino he like me
Oh Cupid in Oh cute tunic young but if
I'm with him you might think I'm young
too in I'll take in Tess I love th you
get a date one of these who you pick
Farah and ran Lindsay Lohan on a
magnifying Lindsay Lohan easy
whoo easy Wow you see those boobies oh
very Hall no Gators how do I get over
being broken up for the first time have
sex with other people no for trying to
get over the person that hurts you
the best thing to do is yeah have sex
with a hardshell trivedi
to feature
what do you think of interracial
relationships I love them I think mixed
babies are hella fine I don't check out
babies literally sometimes I love mixed
babies it doesn't matter nowadays same
race not the same race and it's all the
same mister at 3 ly yo pictures I need
good pictures dick tricks
I ain't got no dick tricks cuz my Vic
Toews fellas small only dick sure guy
got is to get above 2 inches hopefully
like just come oh come on I get all the
way up you know like yeah alright that
it is that alright there's your
relationships episode y'all episode 3 yo
tricks you guys wanna check it out we're
gonna try no not try we're gonna hear
every Thursday with another yo
Dietrich's next week I'm not Lorne with
me so guys in the comment box below let
me know what you guys want to know any
question you want from me or Lauren we
will see you guys next week
you mean like this